added maintainers' notes link to the README.md file (#366)
in-toto/attestation: README.md

Use `@in-toto/attestation-maintainers` to tag the maintainers on GitHub.

## Insights and Activities 

> Stay up-to-date with the latest activities and discussions in the in-toto project by exploring the [maintainers' notes](https://hackmd.io/fRKbxm6MT3GEz-_oSQtmYA). 

Reviewer: Small nit

```suggestion
Stay up-to-date with the latest activities and discussions in the in-toto Attestation Framework by exploring the [maintainers' notes](https://hackmd.io/fRKbxm6MT3GEz-_oSQtmYA). 
```
